# Open with gVim service menu

This service menu opens the selected files within separate tabs inside the gVim
text editor. Otherwise, using the default opening feature, multiple files are opened
inside a different buffer, but only the last is visualized. This addon can reuse
one of the opened windows without starting a new session.

## Features

These are the *Open with gVim* service menu features:
- Fully translated into 6 languages besides English
  (Dutch, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish);
- Works from within the Dolphin, Konqueror, Krusader, and KFind results context menu;
- Support for KDE Plasma 6;
- Support for gVim text editor;
- Support for Vim text editor in the Konsole terminal;
- Support for gVimdiff;
- Support for Vimdiff in the Konsole terminal.
- Open a file, or a group of them, from within the first, the last, or a session of your choice among those available.

## Requirements

- KDE 4 or superior;
- KDialog;
- gVim

## Install

To keep the latest stable version installed, updated, and easily removed from the same interface,
it is recommended to install this service menu through *Dolphin*:
- From Settings > Context Menu > Download new services;
- Search for "open_with_gvim";
- Click on the *Install* button and select the localized archive of your choice.

Also, the *Discover* application can install it, but doesn't allow to select a localized version:
- Under Application Addons > Servicemenu;
- Search for: "open_with_gvim";
- Click on the *Install* button.

For debugging purpose follow one of the other methods mentioned on the [project page][installation].

## Get Help

- [FreeAptitude - Open with gVim][download] download page
- [FreeAptitude - Changelog][changelog] section

## Contributing

If you like this addon and want to encourage me to improve the project or keep it
regularly updated, you can:
- Become a fan and add a positive rating on the [Pling page][pling];
- Star it here on the [GitHub page][github];
- Report bugs or malfunctions or even ask for new features, just opening an issue
  on the [GitHub issues][issues] page;
- Localize it in your language using the [English locale][locale] file as a template.

## Acknowledgments

Thanks to:
- Heimen Stoffels (Vistaus@Github) for the Dutch translation;
- Termuellinator (Termuellinator@Github) for the German translation.

[download]: https://freeaptitude.altervista.org/downloads/open-with-gvim.html "Open with gVim download page on FreeAptitude"
[changelog]: https://freeaptitude.altervista.org/downloads/open-with-gvim.html#changelog "Open with gVim changelog on FreeAptitude"
[installation]: https://freeaptitude.altervista.org/downloads/open-with-gvim.html#installation "Open with gVim installation on FreeAptitude"
[pling]: https://pling.com/p/1405458/ "Open with gVim page on Pling"
[github]: https://github.com/fabiomux/kde-servicemenus "KDE ServiceMenus page on GitHub"
[issues]: https://github.com/fabiomux/kde-servicemenus/issues "KDE ServiceMenus issues page on GitHub"
[locale]: https://github.com/fabiomux/kde-servicemenus/blob/main/open_with_gvim/locale/en.yaml "English localization file to use as template"
[contributing]: https://github.com/fabiomux/kde-servicemenus#contributing "How to contribute to the Open with gVim project"
[ยง]: # "Generated by servicemenu_generator"
